Online Companies Versus Traditional Companies
Online companies dominate a large part of the global market today. They are also subject to a lot of international support to continue their survival in the market and improve their global reputation. If I want to open a company, I prefer it to be an online management type. In this essay, we'll look at the most important features that make online businesses more popular than traditional companies. 
Online companies provide many advanced tools that make them have a good reputation in the global market, and they also work through these tools to continuously gain the confidence and satisfaction of customers. Among the important examples of these tools are E-marketing and smart remote management, in addition to permanent availability on the Internet that allows anyone in the world to communicate with them within minutes and get the desired goal from the company. On the other hand, traditional company management lacks most of these tools, which causes anxiety among new customers, and thus doesn't quickly acquire a good reputation.
The departments of these companies work online to improve their buying, selling, and financial processes, which makes it easier for people to purchase products and services of these companies without trouble. Either through E-payment or global credit cards. This is what makes them always superior to companies that work face to face, which are linked to a specific place and time and in most cases to a specific currency as well. Moreover, today's electronic contracts are subject to strict protection by global trade law, which ensures the rights of all customers anywhere, not only in a specific region as in traditional companies. This is what makes online businesses more reliable and reputable among customers worldwide.
In conclusion, we find that most departments have started to rush towards managing companies online because they provide many modern tools that make them have a good reputation more than the old traditional companies.
